Bigg Boss 14 contestant Rakhi Sawant's conversation with her ailing mother Jaya Sawant through a video call, in the family week brought tears to many eyes. Rakhi's mother is currently hospitalised and is going to be operated on as she has a tumor in her abdomen. In an exclusive conversation with ETimes TV, Jaya Sawant spoke from the hospital about her daughter's game, her controversial marriage with Ritesh and how Rakhi has taken care of the entire family and their needs.
The contestants are targeting Rakhi inside
I am very happy with the way Rakhi is playing the game. I am glad she is entertaining everyone. They all are targeting her cleanliness and trying to put her down. Rakhi is very particular about hygiene. At home also she used to make sure that rooms, floor, beds were cleaned at least three times a day. She doesn’t like to keep the room messy. If there is even a match stick lying on the floor she cleans the room. They have joined hands to target her.
Salman called Rakhi his sister and I was excited after seeing the episode.
I am very happy and would like to thank God that Salman Khan is praising her and supporting her. He made her bed yesterday and I was so happy seeing it. He called her his sister and I was excited after seeing the episode. He gave her so much respect and what else you need when the host of the show and such a big star is praising you and calling you sister on national television.
Nikki dislikes Rakhi
Nikki Tamboli should not do such things. This shows that she dislikes Rakhi and is taking revenge by doing these things. I would also like to thank Eijaz Khan and Vikas for supporting my daughter. They are there for her and it makes me happy.
Rakhi has given her own flat to me, she has done a lot for all of us
Rakhi has always been a caring child. She has always taken care of me and the entire family. She takes care of the school fees of my son Rakesh’s children as well. She has in fact paid school fees of both the kids in advance for next 10 years. She got my eldest daughter married and my son got married in court but she made sure to throw a reception. She got gold jewellery made for his wife. Rakhi has given her own flat to me, she has done a lot for all of us.
We lived in a very bad area and did not have money to get all our kids educated
Yes, I regret not getting her educated but we were also helpless. We lived in a very bad area and did not have money to get all our kids educated. I can’t reveal much about our problems.
Nikki and Jasmin would always taunt Rakhi
I feel she is going absolutely right but sometimes she is troubled so much that she reacts. She has a lot of patience but sometimes she loses it. I’ve seen there were moments when she would have food Jasmin would taunt her and she would ask her to let her eat. Nikki would also taunt her but Vikas Gupta and Eijaz would come to her rescue. Eijaz and Vikas would stop them and I would like to thank God they are there. Then I saw a promo where Aly Goni has said that he will not spare Rakhi because he feels that Jasmin has got eliminated as Rakhi had cursed that Jasmin and he would get separated. Aaj Kal ke zamane mein kiski baduwa kisko lagti hai... maybe Jasmin’s parents don't like them together and they might have complained to Bigg Boss and got her out.